# Wireless-Display-Using-Bluetooth
An electronics miniproject  using Arduino UNO, Bluetooth HC-05 module and 4*20 LCD Display.
The project “Wireless Display Using Bluetooth” is an innovative approach of intimating messages to the people. An electronic display is used that is synchronized using Bluetooth technology to wirelessly display the given messages. As the information displaying is going digital with a high speed nowadays, this project has a very significant role. This will help us in passing any message almost immediately without any delay just by sending input using an app. This method is more reliable and fast when compared to the old process of passing the input content directly onto the display board. 
The proposed technology can be used in colleges and many other public  places, malls or  big  buildings to enhance the security system and also make awareness of the emergency situations and avoid many dangers. This kind of display is also useful in very crowded food courts or hospitals where order number and token number have to be displayed outside as calling out to the people is not effective. In the last couple of decades, communication technology has developed by leaps and bounds. It has already established its relevance and importance in sharing information right from household matters to worldwide happenings. We present in this paper the development of a smartphone controlled wireless electronic display which can be updated automatically and remotely. The given system is implemented using an Arduino UNO microcontroller, Bluetooth Module and an LCD Display.
